[close #657] add production-readiness document (#658)
tikv/client-java: docs/src/production-readiness.md

# Production Readiness

> In general, latest [release](https://github.com/tikv/client-java/releases) of TiKV Java Client is ready for production use. But it is not battle-tested as full featured client for TiKV in production environment. This page will give you more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, the latest [release](https://github.com/tikv/client-java/releases) of TiKV Java Client is ready for production use. But it is not battle-tested as full featured client for TiKV in all use cases. This page will give you more details.
```

## RawKV
All RawKV APIs are covered by [CI](https://github.com/tikv/client-java/actions/workflows/ci.yml).

> At the same time, RawKV has been used in the production environment of some commercial users in latency sensitive systems. But they only use part of the RawKV APIs (mainly including `raw_put`, `raw_get`, `raw_compare_and_swap`, and `raw_batch_put`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time, RawKV has been used in the production environment of some commercial customers in latency sensitive systems. But they only use part of the RawKV APIs (mainly including `raw_put`, `raw_get`, `raw_compare_and_swap`, and `raw_batch_put`).
```

## TxnKV
All TxnKV APIs are covered by [CI](https://github.com/tikv/client-java/actions/workflows/ci.yml).

> In the meantime, TxnKV has been used in the [TiBigData](https://github.com/tidb-incubator/TiBigData) project to integrate data from TiDB to ODS for building data warehouses. And TiBigData was used in the production system of a couple of internet companies.

Reviewer 2: @zhangyangyu PTAL

Reviewer 3: also `TiSpark` now

> In the meantime, TxnKV has been used in the [TiSpark](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tispark-overview) and [TiBigData](https://github.com/tidb-incubator/TiBigData) project to integrate data from TiDB to Big Data ecosystem. TiSpark or TiBigData were used in the production system of couple of commercial customers and some internet companies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, TxnKV has been used in the [TiSpark](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tispark-overview) and [TiBigData](https://github.com/tidb-incubator/TiBigData) project to integrate data from TiDB to Big Data ecosystem. TiSpark and TiBigData were used in the production system of some commercial customers and some internet companies.
```
